From the main menu you can select one or two player mode. In two player mode, the blue bird is controlled by tapping the space bar. High scores are kept in the STATS menu. QUIT will quit the game and accessibility features are found in the OPTIONS menu. 

Discussion on Accessibility:
Flappy Bird is already a pretty challenging game. I find it pretty tough to score so I thought it would be tough to find ways to make the game more accessible. Our first thought was that since this is a mostly visual game, we could add sound clues to when the bird was in the scoring zone (nearing and between the pipes). This audio cue would allow the player, if they have vision impairment or find the game challenging, to have a better sense of when they would have to be more precise with their flaps. Another difficult discussion was whether we should make the game easier at all. Ideally we want to let those with disabilities be able to experience the same challenge as those without so it was a tough discussion to decide how to make the game fair. We decided to add the ability to slow down the speed of the game and to increase the gaps between the columns. We felt this would retain the essence of the flappy bird game while making it accessible to those who find the original game too challenging. Those with accessibility needs will still feel the nervous tension of being between those columns. Maybe even more so in some ways as they hear the warning noise for a longer period. We opted not to add visual cues because the game is already rather visual. 